---
title: Unique Background Brings Unique Perspective
---

Since I'm not formally trained in User Experience via my university, I've taken the initiative to join a Human-Computer Interaction Lab, where I am able to gain real research skills and experience. Unfortunately, this alone was not enough as I still felt underexperienced and wanted to learn more. I started taking Linkedin Learning certification classes and watching youtube videos to gain more exposure to the world of UX Research. Then, I found the General Assembly User Experience class which has given me indepth perspective on how and why things work in all aspects of UX. I've also joined some Coaching Clinics lead by Abram El-Sabagh called Designing for Impact. 

Through these sessions, I've had the unique opportunity to collaborate with UX professionals from different states and even different countries in analyzing problems like whether or not it is feasible for the US to have a non-profit healthcare system, understanding how people can acquire new skills with limited resources and how we can influence closed-minded communities to open their perspectives. Tackling these issues, getting to know the experiences of people with different backgrounds and learning more about different aspects of UX that I wasn't previously aware of, have all been eye-opening and have made me a better researcher.

At times, I've been wary of whether or not I was in the wrong major because I don't want to be a software engineer like most of the people around me do, and for a long time I didn't know what I'd be doing with my degree. Now, I believe majoring in Computer Science and minoring in Psychology has given me the unique opportunity to learn multiple ways to approach a problem, and skills that will be more than useful in this field and I'm excited to dive deeper into the world of User Experience.